Updated parameter details for _db_updates API method (#557)
apache/couchdb-documentation: src/api/server/common.rst

        keep the feed alive indefinitely. Default is ``60000``. May be ``true``
        to use default value.
    :query string since: Return only updates since the specified sequence ID.

>         If sequence ID is specified but does not exist, return all changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If the sequence ID is specified but does not exist, all changes are returned.
```
